From hanselminutes.com. It's Hanselman. It's
a weekly discussion with web
developer and technologist Scott Hanselman.
This is Lawrence Ryan announcing show
number three 24. Recorded live
Thursday, June 14th, 2012. This episode is
brought to you by Tellerik
offering the best in developer
tools and support online@telerik.com and
by Franklin Stott, net training
developers to work smarter and
now offering gesture pack a
powerful gesture, recording and recognition
system for Microsoft connect the
windows developers details@gesturepak.com. In this
episode, Scott talks with Ben
Kamins lead developer at the
Khan Academy about the mentor
relationship and how to get
the most out of your
interns. Hi, this is Scott
Hanselman. This is another episode
of Hansel minutes. And today
I've got Ben Caymans who
is a lead developer at
the Khan Academy and was
also a part of the
storied fog Creek software. And
he's on the phone right
now. How's it going, Ben?
Hey, it's going pretty well.
How about you? Very, very
well. Thanks for chatting with
me today. I heard that
your summer interns are starting
to show up. Yeah, they
are. We're getting a packed
house here. We've got 15
on the way and that
number keeps it's grown since
I blogged. So I can
never seem to quite get
a ride, but I counted
last night and it's 15.
So how, how are you
going to keep from being
completely overwhelmed? Because that's like
15 new employees basically just
rolling in. Yeah, it is
pretty nuts. I mean, I
guess that number is not
so big for a real
company like Microsoft, but for
us, it's basically a one
to one ratio between full
time developers and interns. And
so it involves a fair
amount of preparation and planning
and really just acknowledgement that
we view the internship program
as extremely important and we're
willing to sacrifice time. So
I guess part of the
key to not losing a
whole bunch of time productivity
is just acknowledging that you
will lose some and that's
okay. And in the long
run, things will come out.
All right. I remember when
I had interns, there were
times, and I it's bad
to say this kind of
out loud, but there were
times when I was just
like, you know, I don't
need an intern right now.
I just don't need this,
like this little person. Who's
not a full time developer.
She's going, you know what
I mean? Cause you're just
so focused on what you're
doing and now you've got
a person that you have
to, and they're really competent
once you get them rolling,
but they're not full time
employees by their nature. They
are interns. So they don't
know as much as someone
you hired. Yeah. You know,
it's, it's true. There's definitely,
it definitely takes a conscious
effort to not get frustrated
sometimes when, you know, whenever
you're onboarding somebody new, I
always kind of remind myself
of something that's unfortunately burned
into my mind when I
was an intern at fog
Creek and my friend Brett
was kind of my mentor.
And I still remember, I
still remember the commands. I
was typing on the command
line as he was sitting
down behind me. And it
wasn't until a few days
after I was typing those
commands. And I knew he
was watching me that I
realized that they were completely
nonsensical. You know, I won't
get into the full details
other than I remember. I
mean, it had something to
do with the commands PHP
and curl being typed in
a way that would make
absolutely no sense whatsoever to
people who understood what those
were doing. And I, I
always remember that Brett never,
you know, he could have
really quickly kind of told
me the exact right thing
to write or he just
could've gotten frustrated. Maybe he
was rolling his eyes. I
don't know, but he kinda
just sat behind me and
helped me understand what was
going on and took his
time, even though I wasn't
a full time employee yet.
And he, you know, he,
he immediately took the long
view of helping me out.
And so that, that was
always important to me after,
and it was always an
embarrassing thing to think of,
but you know, that had
an effect on me. So
I try to remember that
and, you know, try to
give, try to give other
interns the same, the same
amount of respect. So what
kind of overhead do you
expect? I mean, if you're
going to have a one
to one relationship and presumably
you'll, you'll have one, or
maybe even two kind of
assigned to you, are you
going to just assume half
of your time or quarter
time, is there a rule
of thumb? What we tried,
what we try to do
is make sure that every
individual full time or has
at most two interns and,
you know, as you start
to get to three, then
you're right. Then it starts
to take up half, three
quarters of your time with
two interns. If you're all
working on the same project,
it feels like, you know,
maybe a quarter, maybe 30,
40% of your time can
be spent working directly with
interns. It'll obviously be a
little higher for the first
week or so. But after
that, I, you know, I've
found that I found that
maybe a third of your
time spent with two interns
as well worth it. Right?
So that's a, that's a
lot of productivity if you're
used to being a heads
down programmer, but you were
saying that having these extra
bodies, even for as much
of a third of your
time as overhead is, is
a valuable thing. Yeah, so
far. Absolutely. And we give
developers a choice, obviously, if
somebody wants to stay head
down and they don't have
to mentor interns, but it
can be really rewarding. And
we've found that if you
prepare, if you prepare your
product and your vision for
your product enough before the
summer rolls around. I remember
I remember the summers, every
internship summer, I've been a
part of as being the
most productive in terms of
things that we should, the
amount of code that we
ship. It takes a lot
of effort to not just
let code kind of go
nuts. And lots of new
features show up that are
not code reviewed or, and
things like that. It takes
practice in terms of how
you manage the relationship. But
certainly I think when interns
leave, it feels like the
sales kind of deflated in
terms of productivity at the
end of every summer intern
rolls in to Con may
you have a new you
in a New York office? Is
that right? Or where are
you located now? We're actually
in mountain view all your
mountain view now. So you
moved. Yeah. I moved to
fog Creek was New York and
not on California. Oh, rock
on. Okay. So you've got
an office in mountain view
and a bunch of people
start showing up and it's
their first day and you
shake their hand and then
what happens? Yeah. So, well,
it really, the first thing
that happens is we make
sure that a individual full
time mentor will go up
to the intern, shake their
hand, tell them how thrilled
we are to have them
here and tell them that
there is a, that they
are their explicit mentors for
at least the beginning of
the summer. And what that
means is that they can
ask the intern can ask
their mentor anything, you know,
where's the bathroom, or I
need a new keyboard. I
like typing on a better
keyboard and obviously all types
of technical questions and an
interim shouldn't have to be
self conscious about any of
that stuff at the start.
We, we think it's much
easier to fix the problem
of an intern asking too
many questions than to have
somebody sitting there banging their
head against problems because they
don't, they're too embarrassed to
ask anybody and they're not
getting anything done. So really
the first thing that happened
is we just kind of
set up a balanced relationship
between intern and mentor and
make sure that they're not,
self-conscious asking for help. I
see. So you're, you're explicitly
pointing out that it's okay,
we get that. You're an
intern. We get, you have
no idea what you're doing
and you can interrupt me
anytime. Yeah. It's kinda, it's
setting up a bit of
a service relationship, you know,
and a lot of this
is stolen directly from fog
Creek. I mean, Joel has
blogged plenty of times about
an upside down organization in
which Joel was at the
service of developers. And, you
know, that goes all the
way down. So when a
new intern shows up, we
do try to make sure
that a significant percentage of
full time developers time is
that the service of an
intern. And when they first
show up, we just tell
them that explicitly so that
they understand that, that we're
taking, you know, we're investing
in them Now, can anyone
be an intern or are
these all bachelor's degree students
or master's degree students are,
they all have PhDs. What's
the, what's an intern at
con It's all. It's just
somebody who has made it
through our interview process. So
we've had last summer, we
had six interns, two of
which were high school students.
And they're both coming back.
One is now a college
student. So we don't have
any age requirements like anybody
else. We'd love to hire
people who are going to
be entering their senior year
in college so that we
can hire them full time
if we'd like to, but
we don't, we don't have
any requirements. We, we, we
also have graduate students Really.
That's cool. So, so a
60 year old second career
person could be an intern.
No problem. Yeah, actually that
would be awesome. We, you
know, we don't have many
of those people apply, but
that's kind of strongly in
line with the general Khan
Academy vision, you know, stepping
outside of the dev team
for a second. The idea
that a 60 year old
can go learn whatever they
want to learn. We get
emails from people like that
that are Khan Academy all
the time. So it would
be a pretty cool instantiation
if we were able to
support that in our hiring
practices, we haven't had the
opportunity yet, but I have
a feeling there would be
no corporate hesitation to do
that. That's very cool. All
right, cool. So sometimes when
interns show up at companies,
you know, their job is
to like install hard drives
and clean up the, the,
the hardware room. You know,
I know that, and I
would publicly apologize for the
interns that I have had
do such things in the
past. What do your interns
do? Yeah. So our, our
main goal is to make
sure that interns experience what
it would be like to
be a full time developer,
not just for their own
sake, but also so that
we understand how they're going
to handle being thrown into
the deep end. There's really
two things going on there.
I mean, first of all,
any intern that you hire,
especially in, in dev these
days probably has a ton
of opportunity. They could be
working on a lot of
really cool places. So it
feels a little bit weird
to throw somebody at a
whole bunch of really boring
bugs that nobody else wanted
to fix, or, you know,
have them get coffee or
whatever. So just out of,
just out of respect for
them, we make sure that
they're working on things that
are pretty integral to the
port, to the product itself.
And secondly, we we've found
that they do, they do
a great job when you,
when you, when you give
them a challenge. So when
our entrance show up, we
kind of, we, we tell
them what team they're going
to be a part of
what their big goal for
the end of the summer
is. And then we, we
get them started on some
small projects, but they have
a big vision in mind
and they're going to be
working on stuff that's shipping
to users. And that's, that's
kind kinda the main goal.
Is that really important for
an internship program that they,
they work on publicly facing,
or maybe a better word
would be visible projects and
not just like your latest
batch file? I think so.
Yeah. I mean, we lost
an intern to a company.
I won't say any names,
but we lost an intern
to a, a better company
now, yours, who we were
recruiting pretty heavily and a
week into the internship, he
called me and said, you
know, I've made a huge
mistake. I want to come
to con next summer, I'm
working on the internal Wiki
documentation system that no user's
ever going see, and this
isn't, this, isn't the experience
that I want. And, and
that makes sense to me.
I mean, it, it feels
like if you have a
lot of opportunities for your
internship, you want to go
get an experience that's in
line with how you want
to spend your career. And
for us, that's working on
features that are going to
touch a whole bunch of
students or whole bunch of
users. So we don't, we
don't want to, we don't
want to just use them
for, for grunt work cause
that doesn't, it doesn't tend
to produce the best results
I think for either party.
Right. Everyone loses in that
case. Yeah. Yeah. I think,
you know, all of this
stuff, all of this stuff
we advocate about mentorship is
really just about taking a
really long view about your
relationship with an intern and
not hoping that they can
get X of work accomplished,
but instead hoping that you
build a good relationship with
somebody who's really talented and
that that's going to come
back in a strong way.
And obviously it does, if
you are able to hire
them, but even if you're
not, you know, I still
have lots of good relationships
with interns who I don't
work with right now, who
I might work with in
the future and who have
benefited Khan Academy in various
ways, just by talking about,
as they're spreading good word
know, spreading good attitude about
the company and things like
that. What do you think
that big unnamed companies that
are not Microsoft to have
had that problem? Why is
it that interns end up
working on internal Wiki documentation
and doing totally boring automation
work and not hard work?
Yeah, that's a good question.
You know, I, I've been
kind of layman that I
haven't, I haven't been a
part of one of those
big companies yet, I think,
and I do actually think
that would be a good
experience to have, I, I
would guess that the, the
instances in which we are
most tempted to do that
are when we haven't, we
haven't spent the time before
the summer rolls around, figuring
out and preparing for good
intern projects. And so, as
a result, you come in
and the company or the
product, or the company is
in a state where you
don't quite know what's going
on next, or there's a
lot of confusion or there's
a lot of design debate
about what the next teacher
is going to be. And
so as a result, throwing
an intern into the middle
of that is really difficult.
So you kind of just
take the easy route and
figure out, okay, well, you
know, we don't really, the
intern doesn't really know exactly
what's going to be built.
So let's find some small
things and have them do
that. And I have a
feeling that the bigger the
company gets in, the more
insurance you get, the harder
it is to properly prepare
so that an intern can
hit the ground running with
a well designed product or
well designed project. So I
don't know, I'm, I'm hesitant
to attribute any evil to
it. I think it's just
a matter of you get
a lot of interns and
you have to really work
to prepare for that. So
how much preparation are you
doing? Like, are you getting
the product ready for the
people to show up? Because,
I mean, I realize that
if you throw a bunch
of new people into an
unorganized environment, they're going to
freak out, but there's gotta
be a balance. Like if
you have an unorganized environment,
then there's, it's going to
be a messy internship, but
it's not, you don't want
to like clean the house
before the maid shows up.
So there's some amount of
preparation. Exactly. You don't want
to clean the house. That's
not a realistic experience for
the interns either. And also
you don't really have time
to clean the house. You
know, you can't take three
months off and stop working
on the product, prepare for
interns. So, you know, there
is a balance there. And
so it's a little bit
hard to define, but I
do think that at least
my experience with most teams,
the more you aim towards
cleaning the house the better,
because nobody's actually going to
clean the house before the
maid arrives with interns, showing
up, at least the teams
that I've been a part
of it it's much more
tempting to just assume we're
going to figure it out
once the interns get here.
So I think that the
more you aim towards understanding
exactly what the main goals
are for interns after they
arrive the better off you're
going to be. That's not
a great answer, but you
know, I've got a couple
of experiences with that is
specifically a fall Creek. The
best summers that I was
a part of were ones
where we had entire new
releases planned, not, not the
actual specifics of features, but
we knew the main goals
for our release plan going
into the summer. And the
goal was to actually ship
that release at the end
of the summer, or even
entirely new products. The source
control product that flux reports
on killing was launched initially
after an internship summer. And
there was a lot of
work put in before the
summer just figuring out what
the different components were that
were being built. And conversely,
we had a, an earlier
summer in which the goal
was to have interns come
in and actually spec out
their own product with a
very, very loose definition. And
that that summer was probably
the least productive. So I
think, I think it's okay
to aim for cleaning the
house because you're not actually
going to do it In
your, in your blog posts,
you, you implied that there
were months of preparation for,
for interns to come. And
what does that mean? That
might be months in linear
time, but you're not spending,
you know, man months. That's
correct. Yeah. We're definitely not
sitting down and blocking out
entire months to work. It's
more that if you're going
to have 15 interns come
in and you're a team
of 15, then the amount
of creation that you can
do demands a fair amount
of thought beforehand and design
work beforehand. And so those,
those questions aren't always answered
sitting down and working in
linear time. But instead you
have to start thinking beforehand
and considering, okay, we're going
to have a whole lot
of horsepower, where should we
point it? And that just
needs to start months beforehand.
And for us, that means
having meetings and figuring out
how the, how we're going
to split into teams, because
we cross the threshold from
10 to 15 people and
then throw one 15 more
people. And all of us,
you can't have just one
big team anymore. So that
was just figuring out how
to split into teams. Who's
going to be mentoring in
terms, going over things like
the explicit mentorship relationship that
you and I just went
over preparing, you know, preparing
mentors and other ways so
that they understand that everybody
should be code reviewed equally
and, and sitting down and
having people plan what their
goals are for the product
and all that. Stuff's gonna
change over time. You know,
as soon as the intern
works for the first week
and is extremely productive or
slightly less than productive, those
goals are gonna change. But
you know, th that, that
thought process, I think, should
start months beforehand, if you're
going to have, especially if
you have a one to
one relationship between interns and
mentors, Things that I think
that you've put a lot
of thought into, and I've
really enjoyed reading on your
blog or Europeans on code
reviews, you've got some pretty
strong opinions on code reviews
as, as a way to
build a relationship with, with
someone. Yeah. Yeah. And this
is something that has been
forming over time as I've
code reviewed more and more
people I've been a part
of code reviews and seeing
much better code reviewers work.
But it's really interesting that,
and I talk about this
with my friends, that when
somebody comes out of college,
they're really used to handing
in an English paper and
having red marks all over
it, or, or a big
paragraph at the end in
which the teacher critiques something.
And that's just kind of
an accepted experience. And it
doesn't really drive people crazy.
There's something about code, especially
people coming out of college.
If, if you hand in
a bunch of code that
you're really proud of, and
then somebody kind of marks
it up in a friendly
way, it can be really
jarring for people. And I
think that's just, yeah, I'm
guessing that's just because people
aren't really used to code
reviewing in college or before
they get into their professional
environment, but it's, it's almost
insulting. You know, there's a
lot of ego attached to
code often, and you have
to kind of work. You
have to get past that
and you have to build
a code of your environment
in which it's healthy to
send little nitpicks to each
other. And just, just for
the sake of teaching each
other, not, you know, you
don't want to slow down
the product, but you want
to share advice and you
want to sit down with
somebody and work through these
problems together so that they
know that you're not, you're
not exerting mastery over them.
You're not saying I'm a
better coder than you, and
you should do things this
way. You're kind of exploring
the space of possible solutions
with them. And that, that
doesn't come naturally with code
reviews. There's something about them
that feels really, I don't
know how to put a
Grady or it just, it
just grates on people and
yep. You have to work
hard to fix that relationship,
to fix that environment for
us. That just means literally
saying code reviews happen all
the time. Interns meant interns
code review. Full-timers just like
full-timers code review interns, and
that's, that's not common, but
it's really powerful. It balances
the relationship and we hire
smart interns. So we want
to learn from them and
telling people that, you know,
the things that I write
in my code of you
are not a critique of
you. They are, you know,
we're sharing information back and
forth. And the more we
just say that stuff explicitly
all the time and our,
in our meetings and stuff.
And I think that that
helps the environment. It helps
you build a good relationship
with somebody you're you're working
with. The idea is that
you had, that is a
little bit out, there was
that new developers should review
the code of an experienced
developer. So do you have
interns review your code? Yeah,
yeah, I do. I had
that happened, I think yesterday.
And it happens even more
with people who are actually
writing a fair amount of
code these days. I'm not
doing so much, but that's,
you know, reviewing someone's code
is a great way to
learn about what's going on.
And a number of the
people who have joined us
from Google and pointed out
that, you know, they had
a nice system set up
such that all code reviews
were kind of streamed through
the whole company. So it
was really easy to just
watch somebody else review codes
or look at somebody else's
code review. So when I
ask an intern to review
my code, you know, not
only am I asking for
help from them, but I'm
asking them to just be
aware of the code that
I'm working on and maybe
learn from the change that
I'm making. So it's not,
you know, code reviews are
seen as now you go
approve my code, but that's
not really what it is.
It's more, Hey, let's, you
know, let's make sure that
this code makes sense together
and that's going to involve
learning on both sides of
the equation. So I think
it's really helpful and it
makes it, it also just
eases the tension in the
relationship. You know, if I'm
going to send an intern,
a code of you and
it's going to have 15
little comments in it, it
certainly feels a lot better
if I'm also offering out
my toe to them and
I can see what advice
they have for me just
as a, a, not just
as a social, socially balancing
factor. Well, it's interesting the
idea that a code review
is different than a code
approval process. Yeah. Yeah. I
think that's, I think that's
pretty important. I mean, it's
definitely, there's definitely approval, but
we don't view code reviews
as this is the reviewer
signing off that there are
no bugs in this code
instead it is. Does this
code make sense to the
reviewer in a quick glance?
So, you know, is this
code kind of sensible and
are there any, are there
any major problems and as
long as, as long as
that's not the case, then
the code review is more
so just about making people
aware of various changes that
are going on and other,
other parts of the code
base, How important is it
to do code reviews in
person? Cause I know that
there are some remotes and
you've worked with remotes before
and I've done a lot
of screen screen-sharing code reviews,
and I've also done a
number of things with tools
where we have, where someone
will do a code review
kind of all by themselves.
And they'll send the review
off and we've seen the
tools like that on Google
code and get hub what's,
you know, how does code
reviewing relate to pair programming
and building relationships? How important
is that? Yeah, that's a
good question. We try to,
we do the vast majority
of our reviews using salt,
you know, not, not side
by side, w we're all
pretty much in person except
for a few remote people.
So most of it is
done in the same office,
but it's done asynchronously, but
we try to balance that
with having people sit down
together and actually look through
code together in person occasionally.
And I think it's important
because for one reason, a
lot of code review tools
are deficient in one way,
in my opinion, which is
that it's really, really, really
easy to point out problems.
And everybody thinks that's the
purpose of a code review,
but you know, as cheesy
as it sounds, there's no
like button or there's no
thumbs up or anything like
that, you have to consciously,
you have to consciously point
out which pieces of the
code that you like, because
chances are, if you're looking
through a whole bunch of
code from a smart coworker,
there's a whole bunch of
brilliance in there, which you're
just going to ignore. It's
kind of like a goalie
in soccer. You just ignore
the fact that they don't
get scored on, but then
you point out all the
problems and that doesn't really
seem healthy. And that's what
most code of your tools
are geared towards. So we
actually explicitly, again, encourage people
pointing out good parts of
the code or the things
that, you know, if I,
if I could have be
somebody, I learn a new
trick, I'll, I'm going to
point that out in the
code of you and say,
I didn't notice this is
cool. And that happens much
more naturally when you're in
person, you don't have to
as consciously think about that.
So, you know, that's one
of the good that's. One
of the reasons we encourage
a little bit of in
person interaction in code is
because it's a little bit
more humane than what most
code of your tools would
encourage, which is just pointing
out problem, political problem. We
don't problem reject or approve.
I'm trying to get my
head around how you keep
focused on the people and
not the code because Leon
Gursing who I talked to
last week had this comment
that he would like to
sit down with someone when
he pairs and then he
purposely writes the worst possible
code that he can think
of in order to bring
that person out. Even the
shyest developer likes to feel
superior. So he will write
really horrible, horrible code or
show someone awful code. You
got to try this because
you're like the lead dev,
right? So make them show
them the worst thing you've
ever written, or maybe even
gag code and see if
the intern will jump in
and take the bait. And
will w would that change
the relationship like would a
new intern on day two,
tell the lead developer at
the place he just showed
up at that? This is
awful. That's a great idea.
I love that. I, you
know, I joked and I
don't actually have to try.
There's plenty of that around
the code base that people
eventually will start laughing at,
but I really like that.
I might have to steal
that and try that and
see what happens, because that's
exactly what you want. You
want a first day intern
to show up, willing to
call out the lead developer
when they're doing something stupid,
because it happens a lot.
And you know, a lot
in many cases they know
way better. So, you know,
that's great. And I like
just the idea of drawing
somebody on making them confident
is it's huge. And, you
know, code review that code
of your trick as a
great way to do it.
And the other big part
of our mentorship push is
just, we say it all
the time. We just encourage
people to brag. Basically. You
know, one of the biggest
problems when interns come in
is that they think that
their work isn't worthy of
sharing. And you talk about
this all the time with
public speaking and blogging, but
it takes the form of
all types of outlets. You
know, we encourage people to
just in our internal chat
room, post screenshots of what
they've just shipped, you know,
talk in company meetings about
what they just did, any
chance that they can get
to brag. We encourage that.
And you know, it's kinda
the same thing. It's not
a, it's not the same
as tricking somebody into and
to showing off how much
they know compared to the
lead developer. But you, you
really do have to work
past that tendency to believe
that your, your work isn't
that important because you know,
as soon as because oftentimes
it is The final thing
that you have on your
code reviews is relationship builders
is the idea that devalue
the code on the team
like for freshly written code
can be thrown out. Yeah,
yeah, exactly. That happens. And
that's going to, especially with,
you know, if you have
a bunch of new people
come in, sometimes you'll work
on something and you just
discover that it's not the
right solution. And sometimes it's
not even the right product.
There, there are a million
reasons that code can be
thrown out and you, that
can be, that can be
pretty jarring, especially for somebody
who comes in and thinks
that they're being judged. It's
very hard to take somebody
who you really respect, but
who also thinks that they're
being judged with respect to
being hired full time and
say, you're doing a great
job and get them to
believe that. But then simultaneously
say we're throwing this code
out. That's, that's pretty tricky
thing to do, but it
honestly does happen. You know,
we've thrown out code before
from people that we absolutely
want to hire a full
time. And that's, you know,
saying de-value the code and
value people is one thing
getting it done in practice
is really tricky. And I
think the best thing you
can do is have, full-timers
just demonstrate, you know, I
threw away my code and
be public about it and
say, you know what? We
just raped a bunch of
my code. That's what happens.
I'm actually glad that this
code has gone now. You
know, whatever, whatever it takes
to set an example of
it being okay to throw
away code I is pretty
important. And I like that
you say don't swoop in
with the hammer of truth,
right. When you're interacting with
some per new person, the
last thing you want to
do is, is set the
tone that like, Hey, Hey
intern, just to make sure
you're clear. I'm awesome. And
here's how you need to
do things, you know, and
then bring the hammer down.
Yeah, I think that's just
about it. Not only is
that not helpful for the
intern, but that's just going
to get you at some
point when, when you're wrong
and you're going to feel
like an idiot. It's just
not helpful. You know, you,
it's true that you might,
that, you know, a lot
more about the code base
or in, you know, maybe
the technology and the interim,
but that doesn't last very
long because they're going to
be working pretty hard and
they're younger than you and
their brains are probably learning
faster. And, you know, you
just have to realize that
whatever, whatever little thing you
know is probably not that
important compared to compared to
the work that you're doing.
So sloping in with a
hammer of truth is just,
I dunno, it just doesn't,
it doesn't appeal to me
on multiple levels. Very cool.
And do you definitely think
that code reviews are required?
Like if you heard that
there was a company that
did not do code reviews,
what would you feel about
that? Yeah, depending on who
you ask in Khan Academy,
you'll get slightly different answers
here. I wouldn't be that.
It depends on the size
of the company. I certainly
don't think that, you know,
a company of five or
less, and some people would
disagree with me, but I
don't, I don't think it's
as critical cause it's easier
to know what's going on
in the product and not
having not have something go
crazy. I was shocked when
we instituted required code reviews
here, that it didn't slow
things down a bunch. And
I was initially hesitant. I
was scared. I thought that's
really silly if I just
had a comment who needs
to review that, just let
me shift things and get
things done. But, you know,
we just kind of set
the rule. Everything gets code
reviewed, and it's been, it's
actually been really, really, really
healthy for our code base.
And it hasn't slowed us
down, which is what I
was initially freaked out about.
So I would encourage everybody
to strongly consider required code
reviews and at least at
least experiment with it because
the downsides that I expected
actually, weren't really there. And
last question is how much
time do you spend, like
in like a 40 hours
a week or some number
of hours coding, how much
is spent in code reviews?
Cause sometimes you can end
up in these Epic code
review meetings with like where
people are just checking emails.
Yeah. We don't really have
code review meetings. And in
fact it's pretty rare. Almost
all code reviews are done
by one person or maybe
two if, but it's, it's
pretty rare to have three
people. Well, sorry, there's the
author of the code. And
then maybe two other people,
it's pretty rare to have
three reviewers. So it doesn't
get that out of control.
The other part of required
the other effective required code
of use. That's really nice
is that it's far less
common for you to have
some massive, huge diff that's
being reviewed because you're reviewing
along the way a frequent
digestible code of use is
the policy that we constantly
emphasize here. So it's, it's
pretty rare to get into
some sort of huge debate.
Now that being said my
time right now, I spent
way more time code reviewing
and coding right now. But
that's just because of the
way I've specifically set up
my situation. People who are
closer to the code. Yeah.
I would say you can
get as close to it
can get, you know, 30,
40, 50% of your time
can be spent coded doing.
But if that's happening, that's
probably a sign that other
people are producing a lot
beneath you and All right.
Cool. Well, thanks so much
for talking to me today,
Ben. Yeah, I appreciate it.
It's been fun. We'll put
links to Ben's blog and
his Twitter up on the
show site. And of course,
if you haven't heard about
the Khan Academy, you need
to ask somebody because it's
really something special. Thanks so
much. This has been another
episode of Hansel minutes and
we'll see you again next
week.